Initial solution background: TOC and ADRs (#3)
stitakis/ArchElekt: Solution Background/ADRs/002 API layer as single point of contact for all user interfaces.md

# 2. API layer as single point of contact for all user interfaces

Date: 2021-04-28

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> Usage peaks of the system might lead to not beeing able to interact with the user interface, system freezes and the perception of ticket lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage spikes might lead to unavailability to interact with the user interface, system freezes and the perception of ticket lost.
```

## Decision

Add an API layer as single point of contact of Mobile App and Website to allow decomposition of the monolith and provide services at runtime.

## Consequences

> More complexity but also more flexibility.

Reviewer: Shall we develop here a little on the consequences of introducing an api gateway? In term of security, flexibility and decomposition of responsibility maybe?
